Test Cases:

1. Check that the user is logged in the application.
2. Check that Personal Leave Days are shown correctly.
3. Check that Personal Leave Days can be saved successfully.
4. Check that past Personal Leave Days can not to be added.
5. Check that Personal Leave Days can be edited.
6. Check that Personal Leave Days can be deleted.
7. Check that Personal Leave Days can be requested.
8. Check that Personal Leave Days can be exported.
9. Check that Personal Leave Days can be saved as PDF file.
10. Check that Personal Leave Days can be saved as Webex Document.
11. Check that Personal Leave Days can be saved to Google Drive.
11. Check that 'Export' modal dialog can be closed.
13. Check that web site supports different languages.
14. Check that all pages are translated to Deutsch when switch the language to Deutsch.
15. Check that all pages are translated to Bulgarian when switch the language to Bulgarian.
16. Check that Personal Leave Days can be changed with past days.
17. Check that Days off are equal or less than the available days.
18. Check that 'Date From' is equal or less than 'Date To'.
19. Check that the error message is shown when the user hasn't available leave days.
20. Check that the error message is shown when the user selects more than his available days.
21. Check that 'Add' modal dialog can be closed.
22. Check that 'Edit' modal dialog can be closed.
23. Check that more Personal Leave Days can be added.
24. Check that all Personal Leave Days can be deleted without errors.
25. Check that all Personal Leave Days can be deleted without errors.
26. Check that all Personal Leave Days can be requested without errors.
27. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can not contain values greater than 12 for months.
28. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can not contain values greater than 31 for days.
29. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can be empty.
30. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can contain only days and year.
31. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can contain only month and year.
32. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can contain only days and month.
33. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can contain only days.
34. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can contain only month.
35. Check that 'From Date' and 'To Date' fields can contain only year.
36. Check that Personal Leave Page contains the added values from 'Add' modal dialog (From Date, To Date, Days, Days off)
37. Check that all requests are accepted without timeout of the server
38. Check that the user can make more than one Personal Leave requests












